## How to package runtime data for RealEngine projects

RealEngine comes with a recommended way for packaging runtime data (such as textures, fonts or any other data) along with the executable.

### Resource packaging in debug and release builds

For release builds of your project, your **data is packaged in a single encrypted, compressed file**. This reduces you package size and makes it non-trivial for the user to alter the data. The system also optimizes the original filenames away completely (and uses integer IDs instead) so the compiled executable cannot be used to infer some info about the data either.

To keep quick iteration times, the packaging is not used in debug builds -- debug builds load the original files from the original paths, skipping the need for any data packaging completely.

### Usage of the packaging system

To package some files with your project, use `real_target_package_resources` CMake function. This function makes sure that the data is packaged (by `ResourcePackager` tool) whenever it is needed. This means that it is automatically skipped in debug builds. See documentation of the function for more details.

Having set up the CMake, you access the packaged data through an automatically generated resource index (also generated by `ResourcePackager`). The index is a C++ header file containing a specialization of `re::resourceID` template function. You call this function at compile to time to resolve relative filepath to `re::ResourceID`. The resource ID is then used to request the resource from `re::ResourceManager` (also available as `re::RM`).

```
auto myTexture = re::RM::texture(re::resourceID<"path/to/texture.png">());
```

The above example:

 * In release builds: Resolves the path to an integer ID at compile time, loads the texture from the compressed package using the ID.
 * In debug builds: Keeps the path in the executable and looks for the file relative to the current working directory.

